README.md, before:

# Real-Time-Anomaly-Segmentation [[Course Project](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ElljsAprT2qX8RpePSQ3E00y_3oXrtN_CKYC6wqxyFQ/edit?usp=sharing)]
This repository provides a starter-code setup for the Real-Time Anomaly Segmentation project of the Machine Learning Course. It consists of the code base for training ERFNet on the Cityscapes dataset and perform anomaly segmentation.

## Packages
For instructions, please refer to the README in each folder:

* [train](train) contains tools for training the network for semantic segmentation.
* [eval](eval) contains tools for evaluating/visualizing the network's output and performing anomaly segmentation.
* [imagenet](imagenet) Contains script and model for pretraining ERFNet's encoder in Imagenet.
* [trained_models](trained_models) Contains the trained models used in the papers. 

## Requirements:

* [**The Cityscapes dataset**](https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com/): Download the "leftImg8bit" for the RGB images and the "gtFine" for the labels. **Please note that for training you should use the "_labelTrainIds" and not the "_labelIds", you can download the [cityscapes scripts](https://github.com/mcordts/cityscapesScripts) and use the [conversor](https://github.com/mcordts/cityscapesScripts/blob/master/cityscapesscripts/preparation/createTrainIdLabelImgs.py) to generate trainIds from labelIds**
* [**Python 3.6**](https://www.python.org/): If you don't have Python3.6 in your system, I recommend installing it with [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/download/#linux)
* [**PyTorch**](http://pytorch.org/): Make sure to install the Pytorch version for Python 3.6 with CUDA support (code only tested for CUDA 8.0). 
* **Additional Python packages**: numpy, matplotlib, Pillow, torchvision and visdom (optional for --visualize flag)
* **For testing the anomaly segmentation model**: Road Anomaly, Road Obstacle, and Fishyscapes dataset. All testing images are provided here [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r2eFANvSlcUjxcerjC8l6dRa0slowMpx/view).

## Anomaly Inference:
* The repo provides a pre-trained ERFNet on the cityscapes dataset that can be used to perform anomaly segmentation on test anomaly datasets.
* Anomaly Inference Command:```python evalAnomaly.py --input '/home/shyam/ViT-Adapter/segmentation/unk-dataset/RoadAnomaly21/images/*.png```. Change the dataset path ```'/home/shyam/ViT-Adapter/segmentation/unk-dataset/RoadAnomaly21/images/*.png```accordingly.

Commit message:

Corretto training_erfnet_logit_focal

README.md, after:

# Real-Time-Anomaly-Segmentation [[Course Project](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ElljsAprT2qX8RpePSQ3E00y_3oXrtN_CKYC6wqxyFQ/edit?usp=sharing)]
This repository includes setup for the Real-Time Anomaly Segmentation project of the Machine learning Course.
It consists of the code base for training ERFNet on Cistyscapes, and also has training files for BiSeNet and Enet.
You will also find fine-tuned models starting from pretrained models, and also ERFNet with the addition of new losses, like IsoMaxPlus and LogitNormalization.

## Packages
For instructions, please refer to the README in each folder:

* [train](train) contains tools for training the network for semantic segmentation.
* [eval](eval) contains tools for evaluating/visualizing the network's output and performing anomaly segmentation.
* [imagenet](imagenet) Contains script and model for pretraining ERFNet's encoder in Imagenet.
* [trained_models](trained_models) Contains the trained models used in the papers. 

## Requirements:

* [**The Cityscapes dataset**](https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com/): Download the "leftImg8bit" for the RGB images and the "gtFine" for the labels. **Please note that for training you should use the "_labelTrainIds" and not the "_labelIds", you can download the [cityscapes scripts](https://github.com/mcordts/cityscapesScripts) and use the [conversor](https://github.com/mcordts/cityscapesScripts/blob/master/cityscapesscripts/preparation/createTrainIdLabelImgs.py) to generate trainIds from labelIds**
* [**Python 3.6**](https://www.python.org/): If you don't have Python3.6 in your system, I recommend installing it with [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/download/#linux)
* [**PyTorch**](http://pytorch.org/): Make sure to install the Pytorch version for Python 3.6 with CUDA support (code only tested for CUDA 8.0). 
* **Additional Python packages**: numpy, matplotlib, Pillow, torchvision and visdom (optional for --visualize flag)
* **For testing the anomaly segmentation model**: Road Anomaly, Road Obstacle, and Fishyscapes dataset. All testing images are provided here [Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1r2eFANvSlcUjxcerjC8l6dRa0slowMpx/view).

## Anomaly Inference:
* The repo provides a pre-trained ERFNet on the cityscapes dataset that can be used to perform anomaly segmentation on test anomaly datasets.
